-----------SCI FI SHOOTER CHARACTERS VOL 1 / READ ME-------------

V2.5 introduce quite some important changes to 7 of the 10 included characters in the pack (alien bounty hunter, alien mercenary, alien war veteran, alien infantry trooper, sci fi pirate, sci fi pirate lieutenant and human mercenary male)

Now, those 7 characters are sharing the same base rig in Mecanim Generic mode. In order to do so we have retouched the characters' scale and proportions so that it matches our new standard humanoid rig.
 
We have gathered all animation set for each weapon in a single animation set. We have also improved all locomotion animations. Now developers can have those characters use all included weapons, Mech(s) and rideable creature(s). All shared assets are located inside the .../Protofactor/SciFi/Common/ folder.

Some characters in the pack have extra bones (jaw, eyes, eyelids, mustaches, ears etc...) those were not animated on purpose otherwise we would have had to export again each animation set per character, which would have been a waste of time and space.

We instead would recommend developers to use Asset Store plugins such as "Dynamic Bones", "Spine Animator", Tail Animator", "Look Animator" etc... This would add procedural animations to the characters. We might push another update later on with some additive animations per character for some of those bones (for eg: open close mouth for breathing, Eyelids blinking etc...)

The 7 characters which were updated still have their older version available in their specific "Legacy" folder, in case you want to use the original designs. This means that you won't be able to use the new animation set (at least in Mecanim Generic).

Please note that all characters can be converted to Mecanim Humanoid. If you are very familiar with setting up characters to Mecanim humanoid and setting up masks, extra bones etc… then you might want to proceed otherwise we would recommend staying away from it.

Thanks for taking the time to read this document.

Don’t hesitate to contact us if you have any question: contact@protofactor.biz
